README.md, before:

# SharexJs 😭

Sharex file uploader handler written in js

## Cloud Vision

Requirements: [Google Vision](https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/labels?hl=bg#vision_label_detection-nodejs)

## Usage 🔥

Change the domain variable to your domain, basically anywhere it says localhost

Run `npm install` to download dependencies  
Create a .env file with your chosen port, and use a custom key 🔐

- Look at the .env.example

Then run `npm run start` to start ✔

### Embed

![Example Image](./github/examplei.png)

### ShareX ✨

In sharex specify your custom destination
![Example Config](./github/example.png)

### nginx config 😳

This is a basic config you can obviously change it (eg serve files directly from nginx)
I recommend you actually read a tutorial for nginx. For example:

- [Setup Nginx on ubuntu](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-nginx-on-ubuntu-20-0)
- [Setup nodejs + nginx](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/questions/how-to-run-node-js-server-with-nginx)
- [Free https](https://letsencrypt.org/)

![Example nginx](./github/nginx.png)

Commit message:

General Clean up
Files here are served statically through nginx to speed up express
Theme color derived from dominant color (removed randomcolor)
Image label now takes priority

README.md, after:

# SharexJs 😭

Sharex file uploader handler written in js

## Cloud Vision

Requirements: [Google Vision](https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/labels?hl=bg#vision_label_detection-nodejs)

## Usage 🔥

Change the domain variable to your domain, basically anywhere it says localhost

Run `yarn install` to download dependencies  
Create a .env file with your chosen port, and use a custom key 🔐

- Look at the .env.example

Then run `yarn run buildAndStart` to start ✔

This example uses nginx to serve the static files other branches use express

### Embed

![Example Image](./github/examplei.png)

### ShareX ✨

In sharex specify your custom destination
![Example Config](./github/example.png)

### nginx config 😳

This is a basic config you can obviously change it (eg serve files directly from nginx)
I recommend you actually read a tutorial for nginx. For example:

- [Setup Nginx on ubuntu](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-nginx-on-ubuntu-20-0)
- [Setup nodejs + nginx](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/questions/how-to-run-node-js-server-with-nginx)
- [Free https](https://letsencrypt.org/)

![Example nginx](./github/nginx.png)
